​​​ ​This...​ is Angel Island. ​​
​​​ ​A mysterious place where a unique civilization used to live, the echidnas. ​​
​​​ ​I'm the last of them anywhere in this galaxy, ​​
​​​ ​And I watch over the Master Emerald, and any animals around the corner. ​​
​​​ ​But even though Angel Island sounds like an interesting place, it really isn't. ​​
​​​ ​It's just plain grass, and some animals. ​​
​​​ ​But I keep thinking about how things would be if the echidnas didn't die off. ​
​​​ ​If I wasn't doing everything myself. ​​
​​​ ​And why didn't I die off with the rest of them? ​​
​​​ ​But... those questions probably won't be answered, right? ​​
​​​ ​Long ago, my ancestors tried to take advantage of a power that didn't belong to them. ​​
​​​ ​The Chaos Emeralds, and the Master Emerald. ​​
​​​ ​I became a guardian to prevent anything like that from happening ever again. ​​
​​​ ​And I kept myself safe from all of the chaos. ​​
​​​ ​But who really made that power? The Chaos Emeralds, and the Master Emerald? ​​
​​​ ​And how did it become such a huge phenomenon? ​​
​​​ ​Who even built the altar the Master Emerald's in? ​​
​​​ ​And where did the echidnas end up anyway? ​​
​​​ ​But I can't waste my time on these silly questions ​​
​​​ ​when I have a lot of other stuff to do, especially protect Angel Island. ​​
​ ​Hey bud, you need any help? I'm right here!  ​
​ ​Hey, chill man! Chillax! ​
​ ​So this is what you were looking for! ​
​ ​This looks suspicious. Huh? ​
​ These vines are extremely annoying! ​
​ And what's this screwy little gear in my hand? ​
​ Looks like it has something to do with this portal. ​
​ What was that? ​
​ What is this place? ​
​ Whoever's out there, come out of your hiding, cowards!
​ Do you really think that you can ambush me?
​ Well, your funeral's gonna happen pretty soon!
​ Yaaaaaaah!
​ Yaaaaaaahhh!
​ Hrrrgh!
​ Whoever persecuted me by trapping me here,
​ you'd better tell me how to get out of here, fast,
​ or else I'll crush you, and any of your friends!
​ Right now!
​ Huh?!
​ YAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGHHHHHH!!!!!!
​ But I've realized on this journey that I do things my way, and I like it.
​ But sometimes... it's the other way around.
​ [Knuckles] Why did you come around, Sonic?
​ [Sonic] I literally came to another dimension.
​ Cut me some slack, Knucklehead.
​ Come on. We're gonna fly back to our dimension.